{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qc\sl480\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f4\cf1\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f4\cf1\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}{\s16\fi720\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\cf1\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text 2;}}{\info{\title References}{\author DOUGLAS NELSON}{\operator Patti Robinson}{\creatim\yr2004\mo7\dy30\hr11\min26}{\revtim\yr2004\mo7\dy30\hr11\min26}{\printim\yr2004\mo7\dy1\hr12\min52}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords567}{\nofchars3232}{\*\company USF}{\nofcharsws3969}{\vern8243}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale150\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\qc\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f4\cf1\lang1033\cgrid {References}{\b0 \par }\pard\plain \qc\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\cf1 \par }\pard\plain \s16\fi720\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\cf1\lang1033\cgrid {Cramer, P. (1970). A study of homographs. In L. Postman & G. Keppel (Eds.), }{\i Norms of Word Association}{. NY: Academic Press.\par }\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {Goodmon, L. B. & Nelson, D. L. (in press). Stregthening the activation of unconsciously activated memories.  }{\i Memory & Cognition}{. \par }{\cf1 Howes, D. A. (1957). On the relation between the probability of a word as an association and in general linguistic usage. }{\i\cf1 Journal of Abnormal & Social Psychology, 54}{\cf1 , 75- 85.\par Kucera, H. & Francis, W. N. (1967). }{\i\cf1 Computational Analysis of Present-day American English}{\cf1 . Providence, RI: Brown University Press.\par Nelson, D. L., Bennett, D. J. & Leibert, T. W. (1997). One step is not enough: Making better use of association norms to predict cued recall. }{\i\cf1 Memory & Cognition, 25}{\cf1 , 785-796. \par }\pard \sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf1 \tab }{Nelson, D. L., McEvoy, C. L. & Pointer, L. (2003).  Spreading activation or spooky action at a distance?  }{\i Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory and Cognition, 29, }{42-52.}{\cf1 \par }\pard \fi720\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf1 Nelson, D. L., McEvoy, C. L., Walling, J. W. & Wheeler, J. W. (1980). The University of South Florida homograph norms. }{\i\cf1 Behavior Research Methods & Instrumentation, 12}{\cf1 , 16- 37.\par }\pard\plain \s16\fi720\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\cf1\lang1033\cgrid {Nelson, D. L., McKinney, V. M., Gee, N. R. & Janczura, G. A. (1998). Interpreting the influence of implicitly activated memories on recall and recognition. }{\i Psychological Review, 105}{, 299-324.\par Nelson, D. L. & Schreiber, T. A. (1992). Word concreteness and word structure as independent determinants of recall. }{\i Journal of Memory and Language, 31}{, 237-260.\par Nelson, D. L. & Xu, J. (1995). Effects of implicit memory on explicit recall: Set size and word frequency effects. }{\i Psychological Research, 57}{, 203-214.\par Nelson, D. L. & Zhang, N. (2000).  The ties that bind what is known to the recall of what is new. }{\i Psychonomic Bulletin & Review}{, }{\i 7}{, 604-617.\par }\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\cf1 Paivio, A., Yuille, J.C. & Madigan, S. (1968). Concreteness, imagery, and meaningfulness values for 925 nouns. }{\i\cf1 Journal of Experimental Psychology Monograph Supplement, 76, (1, Pt.2)}{\cf1 , 1-25.\par Perfetti, C. A., Lindsey, R. & Garson, B. (1971). }{\i\cf1 Association and Uncertainty: Norms of Association to Ambiguous Words}{\cf1 . Learning Research and Development Center, University of Pittsburgh.\par Rubin, D. C. & Friendly, M. (1986). Predicting which words get recalled: Measures of free recall, availability, goodness, emotionality, and pronounciability for 925 nouns. }{\i\cf1 Memory & Cognition, 14}{\cf1 , 79-94.\par }{Steyvers, M. & Tenenbaum, J. (in press). The large scale structure of semantic \par }\pard \sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {networks: Statistical analysis and a model of semantic growth. }{\i Cognitive Science.\par }\pard \fi720\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf1 Toglia, M.P. & Battig, W.F. (1978). Handbook of Semantic Word Norms. Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.\par }{Tulving, E. & Thomson, D. M.  (1973). Encoding specificity and retrieval processes in episodic memory.  }{\i Psychological Review, 80,}{ 352-373.}{\cf1 \par Twilley, L. C., Dixon, P., Taylor, D. & Clark, K. (1994). University of Alberta norms of relative meaning frequency for 566 homographs. }{\i\cf1 Memory & Cognition, 22}{\cf1 , 111- 126.\par Watts, D. J. & Strogatz, S. H. (1998). Collective dynamics of \lquote small world\rquote  networks. }{\i\cf1 Nature, 393}{\cf1 , 440-442.\par Wollen, K. A., Cox, S. D., Coahran, M. M., Shea, D. S. & Kirby, R. F. (1980). Frequency of occurrence and concreteness ratings of homograph meanings. }{\i\cf1 Behavior Research Methods & Instrumentation, 12}{\cf1 , 8-15.\par Woods, C. (1971). }{\i\cf1 Wood's Rhyming Dictionary}{\cf1 . NY: The World Publishing Company.\par }\pard \sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cf1 \par \par }\pard\plain \s1\qc\sl480\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f4\cf1\lang1033\cgrid {Author's Note\par }\pard\plain \sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\cf1 This research was supported by Grant MH16360 from the National Institute of Mental Health to Douglas L. Nelson and by Grants MH45207 and AG13973 to Cathy L. McEvoy. In order of appearance in the lab, our special thanks go to David Brooks, Joseph Wheeler, Jr., Richard Borden, Maria-Teresa Bajo, Pepe Canas, Charlotte Hall, Nancy Gee, Patricia Holley, Amie Wilbanks, and Leilani Goodmon for helping us on this project.\par \par Correspondence concerning these norms should be addressed to Douglas L. Nelson, Department of Psychology, University of South Florida, Tampa, Florida, 33620-8200. dnelson2@chuma1.cas.usf.edu.}{\par }}