{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman{\*\falt Courier New};}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Courier{\*\falt Courier New};}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman{\*\falt Courier New};}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Courier{\*\falt Courier New};}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f6\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\info{\title Appendix D}{\author Douglas Nelson}{\operator Patti Robinson}{\creatim\yr2004\mo7\dy28\hr11\min59}{\revtim\yr2004\mo7\dy28\hr11\min59}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords323}{\nofchars1846}{\*\company University of South Florida}{\nofcharsws2267}{\vern8243}}\margl359\margr359 \ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale125\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f6\lang1033\cgrid {Appendix D\par Normed words and their idiosyncratic responses.\par \par Appendix D provides the idiosyncratic responses for each normed word, that is, it provides the responses given by a single subject. The file contains three columns of data. The first presents the normed words, the second presents their idiosyncratic responses, and the third presents the probability of response production by a single participant. The number of idiosyncratic responses was calculated by subtracting the number of different responses produced by two or more subjects from the total number of different responses produced in the group.  Participants produced 111,157 idiosyncratic responses which comes to an average of 22.15 such responses per normed word. On average, more idiosyncratic responses are produced than responses given by two or more participants. This production was highly variable across different words, ranging from 1-73 responses with a standard deviation of 10 words. However, we hasten to note that only 111,026 idiosyncratic responses are reported in this appendix because some were missing because of errors of various types. Rather than spending weeks tracking down the errors, we are simply reporting what we have.\par \par As noted earlier in this report, at the outset of this work we thought that idiosyncratic responses would tend to be "off the wall" so they were not included in the estimates of set size. Specific idiosyncratic responses did turn out to be unreliable (Nelson & Schreiber, 1992), but interestingly our reliability studies indicated that the total number of idiosyncratic responses produced in response to a given word was highly reliable. In other words, when the same word was normed a second time, about the same number of idiosyncratic responses are produced each time except they tend to be different words. We have now seen enough of these responses to believe that most are very weakly related associates. As noted earlier, the free association procedure seems to provide a reliable index of the strongest associates of a word but not of its weakest associates. In any case, idiosyncratic responses are provided for nearly all of the normed words in Appendix D in case someone wants to study or use them in research.\par }}